Updates docs for firmware changes for CM5 / Pi500 and other recent firmware changes. (#3935)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/computers/config_txt/boot.adoc

Default: `0x0`

[[enable_rp1_uart]]
==== `enable_rp1_uart`

> If `enable_rp1_uart` is set to `1` then firmware initialises RP1 UART0 to 115200 bps and doesn't reset RP1 before starting the OS (`pciex4_reset=1`).
> This makes it easier to get UART output on the 40-pin header in early boot-code e.g. bare-metal debug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `1`, firmware initialises RP1 UART0 to 115200bps and doesn't reset RP1 before starting the OS (separately configurable using `pciex4_reset=1`).
This makes it easier to get UART output on the 40-pin header in early boot-code, for instance during bare-metal debug.
```
